DOC-2920 (#65)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/stats-monitoring.adoc

`_changes` request latency = `request_changes_time` / `request_changes_count`

===== rev_send_latency

> Time between receiving the `/_changes` response to sending a revision.

Author: @adamcfraser @bbrks I copied this definition from [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aZjCIwwZYrUSaQCK63QUg7_jrbo0jJcsxPoXG2Q4s0o/edit#gid=0). I don't understand it. Should it read the following instead?
```suggestion
Time between receiving the `/_changes` request to sending back a revision.
```

Reviewer: The`/_changes` request originates from SG, and the response back from the client contains a list of revisions that it wants to receive.

This stat is measuring the time between the client asking for some revisions via that response, and us sending the actual revision(s) to it.

Hopefully that clarifies.

Author: @bbrks Yes definitely, including both paragraphs.

```suggestion
In a pull replication, Sync Gateway sends a `/_changes` request to the client.
The client responds with the list of revisions that it wants to receive.

`rev_send_latency` is measuring the time between the client asking for some revisions via the `/_changes` response, and Sync Gateway sending that revision to the client.
```

`_changes` request latency = `request_changes_time` / `request_changes_count`

===== rev_send_latency

In a pull replication, Sync Gateway sends a `/_changes` request to the client.
The client responds with the list of revisions that it wants to receive.

`rev_send_latency` is measuring the time between the client asking for some revisions via the `/_changes` response, and Sync Gateway sending that revision to the client.

NOTE: Measuring time from the `/_changes` response means that this stat will vary significantly depending on the changes batch size.
A larger batch size will result in a spike of this stat, even if the processing time per revision is unchanged.

> A more useful stat might be the average processing time per revision.

Author: @adamcfraser @bbrks do we have a dedicated metric for "average processing time per revision"?

Reviewer: Yep! `rev_processing_time` is what you're looking for, (this is the total amount of time processing revs) - this can be divided by `rev_send_count` to get the average.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/couchbase/docs-sync-gateway/pull/65/commits/152f5abb8a4d52c47311120b13f1010177e5175c thanks!
